h1. Flickerd ZenPhoto Theme

Flickerd is a *"ZenPhoto":zen_url Theme* that is based off of the "Flickrish Theme":flickrish_url 
hosted on Google Code.
It integrates a photo stream similar to Flickr.com and implements a similar design as well.
It is still being developed and I hope to be able to add new features soon.

The *Flickerd Theme* is licensed under the "MIT License":http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php .

h2. Usage

*PHP 5 Required!*

Refer to ZenPhoto's documentation on how to add and use themes.  It works just like a normal theme does.

h2. Feedback

*Report An Issue/Bug/Suggestion*
Please report issues on the project's "GitHub Issues":issues page.

*Comments/Feedback*
If you'd like to leave feedback, please visit the "ZenPhoto's Forums":feedback_link
and leave a comment on the post for this theme.  Hopefully a better commenting system can be
implimented at a later date.

h3. Changelog

h4. Version 1.0.2

* *GoogleMap Plugin Support* - Added support for the GoogleMap plugin as per request in "Issue 11":https://github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/issues/11 
and added the option *GoogleMap Width* to the _Theme Options_ page.
* *Back-link Added to Sizes View* - As per request in "Issue 9":https://github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/issues/9 , 
a backlink has been added to the image __Sizes__ page.
* *Password Page Design* - As mentioned in "Issue 4":https://github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/issues/4 , 
the page login form didn't have any formatting so it was formatted to match the ZenPhoto login page.
* *Larger Image Preview* - In "Issue 6":https://github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/issues/6 , a request
for a large image layout was made.  The way this was implemented was by adding a **hover** effect so
when the mouse hovers over the thumbnail for at least the *Preview Image Delay* length, a larger image
_(size determined by the *options > theme > Standard options > Image size* value)_ is displayed.
* *CSS Modified* - The width of the content area in the theme was changed for better viewing.
* *Added better Page Titles* - In the head tags, better <title></title> values were added for better search engine ranking.
 
[issues]http://github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/issues
[feedback_link]http://www.zenphoto.org/support/
[Wiki_Page]http://wiki.github.com/amereservant/FlickerdTheme/
[flickrish_url]http://code.google.com/p/flickrish/
[zen_url]http://www.zenphoto.org
